Update links containing 'master' to 'main' branch (#256)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Management/src/CloudFoundry/README.md

﻿# Management Sample App for Cloud Foundry

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Samples/SteeltoeOSS.Samples%20%5BManagement_CloudFoundry%5D?branchName=2.x)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=23&branchName=main)

> ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use [Steeltoe Management Endpoints](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Management) together with the [Pivotal Apps Manager](https://docs.pivotal.io/pivotalcf/1-11/console/index.html) for monitoring and managing your applications on Cloud Foundry.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core sample app illustrating how to use [Steeltoe Management Endpoints](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/management/) together with the [Pivotal Apps Manager](https://docs.pivotal.io/application-service/console/index.html) for monitoring and managing your applications on Cloud Foundry.  
```
